Additional detail about Centralized Mail transport (#2547)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeHybrid/transport-options.md

- Do you want to route outbound mail to external recipients from your Exchange Online organization through your on-premises organization (centralized mail transport), or do you want to route it directly to the Internet?

>     With centralized mail transport, you can route all mail from mailboxes in the Exchange Online organization through the on-premises organization before they're delivered to the Internet. The same way, incoming Internet messages will be routed to On-premises organization before being delivered to any Exchange On line recipient. Possible scenarios are detailed in Transport Routing in Exchange Hybrid deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With centralized mail transport, you can route all mail from mailboxes in the Exchange Online organization through the on-premises organization before they're delivered to the Internet. In the same way, incoming Internet messages will be routed to an on-premises organization before being delivered to any Exchange Online recipient. Possible scenarios are detailed in [Transport routing in Exchange hybrid deployments](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/sensitive-information-type-entity-definitions?view=o365-worldwide).
```
